What should I do?
Hong Ae-ra? Maybe she's pulling tricks
to catch Cheong-ya.
The director's still unconscious,
so I doubt she's interested
in catching Cheong-ya.
I mean, she's not Nam Tae-il's wife.
But it might be dangerous.
You're wanted now.
If Lim Soo-ho doesn't blow himself up,
Nam will
set off the bombs for sure.
Time's running out,
so we must do everything we can.
All right.
Mr. Eun.
You're the one
who brought the recording tape
inside the dorm, aren't you?
You did it to save the students,
so I won't punish you for it.
I…
must…
save my daughter.
The North told Soo-ho
that they'll kill his sister
if he doesn't blow himself
and the hostages up by midnight.
So we must rescue the hostages
before midnight.
I need to talk to Lim Soo-ho.
This is Taedong River.
Moran Hill, do you copy?
She turned off her radio.
I'm sure she backed out!
Mr. Lee.
Yes, I'm here.
Gang-mu.
This is Eun Chang-su.
I heard you were in critical condition.
Was it fake news again?
Is Lim Soo-ho with you?
What do you want?
I want to help you.
If you release all the hostages
including my daughter,
I'll have a car ready
in Mount Ogong
for you guys to escape.
I'll do everything in my power
for you to flee
to another country safely.
After everyone gets out,
I'll blow the dorm up
and tell the press
the spies have blown themselves up.
And I'll inform the North
that you're dead.
Then your sister
will be safe.
The students know
about the election scheme,
but you want us to release them?
Can you guarantee the students' safety?
I'll have it broadcast live
and let them return to their parents
in the campus.
Won't it be enough?
And I'll release Reporter Gal
and have him cover it.
How about
you tell the press yourself that
this is all part of the election scheme?
That won't save
Soo-ho's sister in the North.
I must stay in power
to send you guys
to another country safely.
I'll think about it.
The students know about the election
scheme. If they're released,